Improve run blockchain index - Closes #1442, #1262 (#1453)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/run-blockchain/index.adoc

Nodes are usually connected to other nodes running the same blockchain application via P2P.
Together, they form the network that is maintaining the blockchain.

.Node types of a blockchain network
image::run-blockchain/node-service-network.png[Node network, 600]

In DPoS, only a certain set of nodes is delegated by the network to add new blocks to the blockchain.
These nodes fulfill a very important role in the network and therefore require certain <<how-to-enable-forging-on-a-node,additional configurations>> and <<protecting-forging-nodes,security measures>>, compared to regular nodes.
Furthermore, they are equal to any non-forging node in the network and follow the same installation process.

== How to set up a Lisk Core node

Lisk Core is the blockchain application that maintains the Lisk Mainnet.

To set up Lisk Core, choose a distribution and follow the respective setup guide:

* *NPM:* xref:{url_core_setup_npm}[]
* *Binary:* xref:{url_core_setup_binary}[]
* *Snap:* xref:{url_core_setup_snap}[]
* *Docker:* xref:{url_core_setup_docker}[]
* *Source code:* xref:{url_core_setup_source}[]

== Forging nodes

> A forging node is simply a node that has forging enabled for a particular delegate, who is in an active forging position.
> In the Lisk Mainnet, this means exactly 103 forging nodes exist in the network for each forging round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A forging node is simply a node that has forging enabled for a particular delegate, who is in an active forging position.
In the Lisk Mainnet, this means exactly 103 forging delegates exist in the network for each forging round.
```
to be precise it could be 1 forging node with 103 delegates enabled.

> Forging nodes are the only nodes that can add new blocks to the blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forging nodes are the only nodes that can propose new blocks to the blockchain.
```

During a forging round, every forging node has the opportunity to forge at least one block.

NOTE: Follow the guide xref:{url_run_forging}[] to learn how to enable forging on a node for a particular delegate.

=== Forging in the Testnet

Anyone can start forging in the Lisk Testnet, thanks to the the {url_faucet}[Lisk Testnet faucet^], where users can request free Testnet LSK tokens.

> This makes the Lisk Testnet the perfect place for users who want to test out how the forging process works, or delegates who want to test certain forging setups before implementing them for their Mainnet delegate.

Author: ```suggestion
The Lisk Testnet is the perfect network for users who want to test out how the forging process works, or delegates who want to test certain forging setups before implementing them for their Mainnet delegate.
```
